Blogging thoughts about Eloquent Javascript:

Chapter 1: Values, Types & Operators.
  Solidly knowing pretty much everything in this chapter already, my initial response was that this is a pretty basic book that will help me fill in gaps most likely, by going through everything I know about JavaScript from the start. The one part that did give me genuinely new information was the "Short Circuting of Logical Operators" section near the end. 
  The basic concept of the section reminded me of something you learn in formal logic when you study philosophy. Conditionals with false antecents are always true, so you don't have to evaluate the consequent at all. JavaScript behaves in accordance with that principle and doesn't bother parsing the consequent of conditionals unless the antecedent is true. I've noticed this in practice while coding, when my program would only notice a syntax error in the consequent of a conditional on occasions when the antecedent of the conditional was true, but I hadn't seen it articulated before and didn't think about it directly. 
  A handy piece that I didn't previously know was the usage of || and && operators to fall back on a default value. When given (A || B), JavaScript returns A if A is true or truthy, and B if it is not. This means you'll get B if A is either null or false. Had I known this earlier, I could've used it in a couple of places. There were times when I struggled to find a workaround for a routine when there was a possibility of one of the variables being undeclared; knowledge of this function would've provided an instant solution.
